Finally start updating the public roadmap (#2831)
DFE-Digital/register-early-career-teachers-public: documentation/site/content/product/roadmap/introduction.md

## Why we're sharing our roadmap publicly 

> This document explains what we're working on to improve the digital services that facilitate the early career framework (ECF) policy reforms. These digital services are named Register early career teachers.

Reviewer: We should be referring to the over-arching policy as the Early Career Teacher Entitlement (ECTE) now. Comms colleagues might have guidance on how we refer to the period 2021-2025 when it was called the ECF.

> This document explains what we're working on to improve the digital services that facilitate the early career framework (ECF) policy reforms. These digital services are named Register early career teachers.

Author: ```suggestion
This document explains what we're working on to improve the register early career teachers service.
```

## What we've done

To read in more detail what we've done so far, we recommend [looking at our design history](https://teacher-cpd.design-history.education.gov.uk/ecf-v2/).

> We launched the new register early career teachers service for schools and lead providers on the 28th April 2026. You can read more [about the changes for schools from the service we replaced here.](https://register-ects-service-manual.education.gov.uk/changes-for-schools/)

Reviewer 2: Should we use GOV.UK format?

https://www.gov.uk/guidance/style-guide/a-to-z#dates

```suggestion
We launched the new register early career teachers service for schools and lead providers on the 28 April 2026. You can read more [about the changes for schools from the service we replaced here.](https://register-ects-service-manual.education.gov.uk/changes-for-schools/)
```
